859 explain empty intersection (#872)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: pkg/awsvpc/examples/out/explain_out/subnet_to_subnet_all_vpcs_explain_detail.txt

	Ingress:
		network ACL acl1 allows connection with the following allow rules
			ruleNumber: 20, action: allow, direction: inbound, cidr: 10.240.32.0/19, protocol: all
		security group GroupId:9 allows connection with the following allow rules
			Inbound index: 0, direction: inbound, target: 10.240.0.0/18, protocol: all

TCP response is enabled; The relevant rules are:
	Egress:
		network ACL acl1 allows connection with the following allow rules
			ruleNumber: 20, action: allow, direction: outbound, cidr: 10.240.32.0/19, protocol: all

	Ingress:
		network ACL acl1 allows connection with the following allow rules
			ruleNumber: 20, action: allow, direction: inbound, cidr: 10.240.32.0/19, protocol: all

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> No connections from r1[10.240.48.198] to q1[10.240.32.91];
> 	connection is blocked since ingress's and egress's connections do not intersect.
> 	egress connection: protocol: TCP dst-ports: 9080, ingress connection: protocol: UDP
> 
> Egress: security group GroupId:22 allows connection; network ACL acl1 allows connection
> Ingress: network ACL acl1 allows connection; security group GroupId:15 allows connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No connectivity from r1[10.240.48.198] to q1[10.240.32.91];
	connectivity is blocked since traffic patterns allowed at ingress are disjoint from the traffic patterns allowed at egress.
	allowed egress traffic: protocol: TCP dst-ports: 9080, allowed ingress traffic: protocol: UDP

Egress: security group GroupId:22 allows connection; network ACL acl1 allows connection
Ingress: network ACL acl1 allows connection; security group GroupId:15 allows connection
```

Author: done
